Data Scientist 3		Boeing		Washington Court House, OH, US		<div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">Washington DC,District of Columbia,United States 6J7BP3 This role will be responsible for implementing the infrastructure required to deliver modern analytics, data integration with both streaming and batch sources, efficient distributed processing, and managing predictive analytics models. Responsibilities: - Development will be in Linux based and in Amazon Web Services (AWS). - With general direction, performs architectural trade studies, contributes to the development documentation and maintainance of software architectures. Participates in internal and external architecture reviews. Provides guidance to less experienced engineers. - With general direction, provides data, recommendations, and estimates for software component level project planning including corrective action plans. Coordinates and participates in project management reviews and compliance audits. - Develops CSU software requirements and algorithms. Defines internal interfaces. Performs requirements allocation between hardware, software, and operators. Participates in requirement team and peer reviews as a presenter and evaluator. Performs CSCU requirements change assessment and provides a technical interface to requirement change-assessment meetings. Provides guidance to less experienced engineers. - Develops supplier/subcontract performance assessment including appropriate metrics. Makes recommendations of adequacy of subcontractor/supplier technical approach to project lead. Helps resolve programmatic and technical problems that would impact cost, schedule and/or performance. Guides less experienced staff. - Develops, maintains and unit tests code by utilizing software development environments and programming languages in order to implement design and satisfy allocated requirements. Participates in internal code walkthroughs. Provides guidance to less experienced engineers. - Develops/decomposes, documents and maintains designs for software consistent with the defined architecture and requirements/regulations by applying established methods and practices. Participates in internal design reviews. Provides guidance to less experienced engineers. - Builds large scale software systems. Leads day to day software integration efforts. Provides guidance to less experienced staff. Troubleshoots and investigates difficult problems across software components. Evaluates proposed solutions to problems. - For all phases of the software life cycle: develops, selects, tailors and deploys processes and tools; establish metrics; and utilize regulations and industry standards. Participates in process reviews. Provides guidance to less experienced engineers. - With general direction, provides guidance to less experienced employees, performs research, contributes to proposals, documents research and development results and aids technology transfer into programs. - Provides subject matter expertise on software methodologies and processes to customers, suppliers, application users, and other technical and support personnel. Provides guidance to less experienced engineers. Supports operational and integration issue resolution of regulatory, domain and specific software systems. This position requires an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a "US Person" as defined by 22 C.F.R. ยง 120.15 is required. **This position requires a current Top Secret/SCI clearance and is contingent on clearance verification and customer concurrence.** In addition to the requirements listed in the job description, candidates must possess the following: - At least 4 years of experience in Big Data and/or data analytics technologies - Experience in Linux - Experience in AWS - Experience in Hadoop/HDFS/Accumulo/HIVE/HBase store(s) which are compatible with Map/Reduce Infrastructure - Experience in writing complex analytics using JAVA/Apache PIG which initialize Map/Reduce jobs to efficiently return complex query results - Experience in object oriented software development. (prefer JAVA) - A strong grasp of algorithmic complexity - An understanding in concurrency and/or distributed systems - Ability to dissect problems in an unfamiliar and evolving domain - Practice TDD, Agile, continuous integration, and be comfortable with continuous deployment - Prior experience developing services Desired Qualifications: - Machine Learning, Bayesian Methods, other analytical techniques Typical Education and/or Experience: Degree and typical experience in engineering classification: Bachelor's and 5 or more years' experience, Master's degree with 3 or more years' experience or PhD degree with experience. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. This position requires an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. No Networks &amp; Space Systems,Individual Contributor No No Standard</div><div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world.<br /><br />Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.</div>