Data Scientist - User &amp; Product Analytics		Reddit		San Francisco, CA, US		<div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">reddit is seeking a Data Scientist to help us understand how the world uses reddit. In this role, you’ll work to help reddit understand its users, its communities and the online relationships that help make reddit home to 170M monthly users. reddit is composed of millions of users interacting with content and discussions from thousands of communities. We want to understand our users and the communities they interact with. We want to understand usage patterns and interaction behaviors at a user level to build products that help users find and do more. Communities are crucial to reddit and learning how they start, evolve and why they thrive will help us provide the best tools and space for this to happen. Responsibilities -Perform analyses to identify meaningful clusters of users based on usage patterns, actions takens and content interacted with. -Build, model, and track composite metrics to predict user trust and happiness. -Analyze how users interact with existing features and create a suite of metrics/dashboards to help inform product strategy and development prioritization. -Develop a framework of metrics to track the growth and health of reddit’s communities. -Build models to predict the future well-being of communities and their users. -Contribute to, help build and utilize experimental framework to assess performance of ongoing changes to reddit applications and content recommendation algorithms. -Have a never-ending stream of ideas on how and what to analyze in reddit’s data warehouse. -Take responsibility for turning data into understanding by being active, insightful, educational and supportive of every conversation about data. -Ensure that reddit’s privacy policy is respected, upheld and improved upon whenever decisions about data are being made. Experience -Experience in data extraction (HIVE, SQL), data manipulation (Python, R) and expert user of some statistical package (R, Scipy, Pandas) -Experience with predictive, descriptive and machine-learning based modelling and analysis of multidimensional datasets. We like using R, scikit-learn and Spark. -Skilled in explaining complex analytical concepts to non-experts and insistence on ensuring results are comprehended correctly and acted upon. -Experience with Linux/Unix - you are happy on the command line. -MS/Ph.D in a relevant quantitative field, with a focus on mathematical and statistical theory and real-world applications a plus. -Experience working with large data sets and analysis in distributed computing environment a plus (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Scala) This is a full-time position working for reddit, Inc. in San Francisco, CA. We host thousands of unique communities where millions of people share content and engage in conversations every day. reddit is #56 on the list of most trafficked? sites - #10 if you count page views. Ellen Pao is our CEO and Alexis Ohanian is back as Chairman. We're a small, diverse, close-knit team (around 70 people), that values collaboration and creativity. You'll love coming to work every day. We're a team of motivated people on a mission to build awesome products that our community will love, while respecting user privacy and expression. As an employee of reddit, you will receive a salary, equity, and our standard benefits package</div><div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">reddit was founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005, and is an online community where users submit, vote, and comment on content, stories, and discussions. The hottest stories as determined by the community through discussions and voting rise to the top of the site, while cooler stories sink. Anyone can create a community (called a "subreddit"); each subreddit is independent and moderated by a team of volunteers. reddit is open source, and community members are constantly tinkering and contributing features and translations back to the site. In October 2013, reddit received more than 4.9 Billion page views and 85.9 million unique visitors. In addition, reddit also hosts the world’s largest gift exchange as listed in the Guinness Book of World Records through redditgifts.com, and features video and original programming through reddit.tv. For more information visit http://www.reddit.com/about.<br /><br />To work at reddit, visit /r/redditjobs for openings: http://www.reddit.com/r/redditjobs/</div>