Data Scientist - Personalization &amp; Discovery		Reddit		San Francisco, CA, US		<div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">reddit is seeking a Data Scientist to help deliver amazing personalization and discovery experiences for reddit users. reddit is composed of millions of users interacting with content and discussions from thousands of communities. In this role, you’ll work to help reddit understand how reddit users currently discover communities and content, and help determine how we can help them find more of what they love. Responsibilities -Perform analyses to understand and track how users find new communities and new content on reddit. -Research and develop community and content recommendation algorithms, work with Data Engineers to bring those algorithms from prototype to production. -Help build graphical representations of the relationships between reddit entities (communities, users and submissions) -Derive meaningful semantic relationships between entities and incorporate human-driven insight to help drive personalization products. -Contribute to, help build and utilize experimental framework to help assess performance of changes to recommendation algorithms. -Have a never-ending stream of ideas on how we can be better at helping people find communities and content they will love. -Take responsibility for turning data into understanding by being active, insightful, educational and supportive of every conversation about data. -Ensure that reddit’s privacy policy is respected, upheld and improved upon whenever decisions about data are being made. Experience -Experience with real-world implementation and delivery of recommendation systems in distributed computing environment (Java, Map-Reduce, Scala, Mahout, Spark) -Experience in a wide array of Machine Learning approaches with an informed intuition for the strengths of weaknesses when dealing with more than 100M users. -Experience in data extraction (HIVE, SQL), data manipulation (Python, R) and strong user of some statistical package (R, Scipy, Pandas) -Experience with Linux/Unix - you are happy on the command line. -Experience building graphical representations of complex datasets a strong plus. -MS/Ph.D in a relevant quantitative field, with a focus on mathematical and statistical theory and real-world applications a strong plus. This is a full-time position working for reddit, Inc. in San Francisco, CA. We host thousands of unique communities where millions of people share content and engage in conversations every day. reddit is #56 on the list of most trafficked? sites - #10 if you count page views. Ellen Pao is our CEO and Alexis Ohanian is back as Chairman. We're a small, diverse, close-knit team (around 70 people), that values collaboration and creativity. You'll love coming to work every day. We're a team of motivated people on a mission to build awesome products that our community will love, while respecting user privacy and expression. As an employee of reddit, you will receive a salary, equity, and our standard benefits package which includes unlimited</div><div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">reddit was founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005, and is an online community where users submit, vote, and comment on content, stories, and discussions. The hottest stories as determined by the community through discussions and voting rise to the top of the site, while cooler stories sink. Anyone can create a community (called a "subreddit"); each subreddit is independent and moderated by a team of volunteers. reddit is open source, and community members are constantly tinkering and contributing features and translations back to the site. In October 2013, reddit received more than 4.9 Billion page views and 85.9 million unique visitors. In addition, reddit also hosts the world’s largest gift exchange as listed in the Guinness Book of World Records through redditgifts.com, and features video and original programming through reddit.tv. For more information visit http://www.reddit.com/about.<br /><br />To work at reddit, visit /r/redditjobs for openings: http://www.reddit.com/r/redditjobs/</div>