Flight Test Data Processing &amp; Analysis Engineer - Level 2 or Level 3		Boeing		California, MD, US		<div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">China Lake,California,United States 6L9BP2 A Flight Test Data Processing &amp; Analysis Engineer is needed for support of F-18 test activities for the Flight Test Operations team. Typical Job Responsibilities include: Developing and coordinating technical solutions to cross-domain problems in the areas of flight test instrumentation, data processing, data distribution, and data analysis ensuring that customer requirements are met. Coordinating flight test data requirements, to include: • Lead the development of data requirements for new flight test programs • Implement processes for managing requirements associated with collecting, processing, distributing, and analyzing flight data • Follow up with consumers of flight test data products, assess problems that inhibit test execution, and develop and recommend solutions to those problems • Identify gaps between customer requirements and existing capabilities and recommend methodologies for addressing shortfalls • Identify customer priorities and effectively communicate them to affected stakeholders Troubleshooting Flight Test Data Processing Tool/System anomalies. Analyzing anomalies in flight test data, identify and diagnose problems in the data, document results of anomaly analysis, and recommend steps for remediation. Leading the F-18 Contractor/Government Flight Data Advisory Committee chartered with: • Identifying data collection, processing, distribution, and analysis requirements for F/A-18 flight test operations. • Identifying and resolving problems associated with instrumentation, data reduction/processing, data distribution, and analysis tools. • Disseminating information related to the committee’s activities to the F/A-18 IPT. Competency Type: General Collaboration Customer Focus Decision Making Innovation Project Management Competency Type: Technical Flight Test Reporting Lab Protocols and Procedures Test Configuration Control Test Hardware/Equip Design Test Program Design This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. This position requires an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. 2-5 years experience or more in flight test including experience in flight data processing and/or analysis. Ability to develop scripts in languages like PERL or Python is required. The ability to write and debug C++ code is strongly desired. Familiarity with IRIG 106 or similar standards is strongly desired Strong written and verbal communication skills are required. Level 2: Degree and typical experience in engineering classification: Bachelor's and 2 or more years' experience or a Master's degree with experience. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Level 3: Degree and typical experience in engineering classification: Bachelor's and 5 or more years' experience, Master's degree with 3 or more years' experience or PhD degree with experience. Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. Yes, 10 % of the Time Boeing Test &amp; Evaluation,Entry Level No No Standard</div><div class="rich-text" itemprop="description">Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world.<br /><br />Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.</div>